So controller time let's work on the sign up controller and make sure we do something with the file
and do something with the file actually means two things it means linked the file to our user in the
database.
So create a real image.
You are L but also roll back the creation of the file.
If we have validation error for example null let's maybe start with the rollback mode.
If we do have a validation error.
So if we're in here then I don't want to continue I instead one to delete the file.
The same of course is actually the case for any error I have here anywhere.
So if I have an error here or anywhere else this does not matter.
So you could argue that it makes sense to integrate does roll back logic into our general error handler
maybe so an app.
Yes we have this general error handling logic here and there we can check if we do have a file and if
we do we want to roll back because we had an error.
We certainly don't want to keep it.
No the cool thing is Malta adds a new property to the request object of file property.
If we do have a file so we can check if this is set and if this is set we know there is a file as part
of the request.
So the request where is something failed had a file.
We now want to delete that file that was stored on the disk to delete that we can import a notorious
core module and that is the F S the file system module here like this does allows us to interact with
files in our file system and it allows us to for example delete files.
So with this imported in our error handler here we can call unlink.
While this doesn't sound like delete but does this end what it does it deletes this file.
So here we then just have to point at the file.
We can do so with request file path path is a property that exists on this file object which Malta adds
to the request and just points to the file and this will delete it.
Now on unlink provide a callback here which will be triggered when the deletion is done you get an error
which might be thrown if something goes wrong.
But here I'll just log it.
I don't care about an error here.
If file deletion failed at this point it is what it is but we can always manually clean it up it's not
horrible if we still have the file around with that delete the file which is currently stored in images
and save everything and try that submission again.
So let's take on sign up here and I get user exists already please log in instead.
But if we now go back we see nothing is in images and that is great.
So we correctly roll back this image upload so that's one thing.
Back to the user's controller.
We can also use the file for something more useful because rolling it back of course is nice but more
importantly we want to store it on our user which we create.
We are extracting our data here and Malta will give us this body property on the request with all the
text fields it found on the incoming request body.
So we will still get that thanks to Malta but in addition we have this request file thing I showed you
and with all that information provided we can add it all to our user.
So now here on the user we create down there.
I want to replace this image field here with age to the p locally hosted 5000 slash plus request filed
a path which should be uploads slash images slash file name.
This is the image you are L I want to construct here no storing the full.
You are L here certainly is one thing we can do but we could also argue that we want to prevent this
thing here on the front end actually so we could just store the file path here in our image field not
the full you are l just the path on our server and with that new users should have that path included.
Now to see that in action.
I'll go back to mongo to be Atlas and actually delete all my users.
I got here so that I can start from scratch again and I don't have any existing users in the database
so let's delete all the users we created in any year step by step.
Every one of them and while is still leading.
I'll also go to places and also delete all the places I created in the past.
In my case that's one place so let's delete this as well.
And with that we should have no more places and no more users.
We got two empty collections year and we can now go back to the reactor up and leave the credentials
here as we have them and click sign up and this doesn't look too bad.
Now this image is not displayed here yet because we're storing just a path on the server not the full
U.R.L. but if we have a look at our users collection here again we see our user and we see the image
path here and now we just need to tweak the front and a little bit and on the user's page or to be precise
instead of the users list on a single user item here on the avatar of what I pass here to image should
of course include props image.
But since this is just a path I'll wrap this here into back ticks and instead point at age to the local
host 5000 Slash.
And then here dynamically inject props stored image.
And if we do so and save this and go back to the reactive it still doesn't work.
And you see we got a not found error notice you are l actually is correct though it's low blows 5000
slash upload slash images and then the image name.
So why is it not shown here.
Because we need to change more on the back and.